That the Haie Hello black Rochus Well this time also to I friends battle
It is the last time to do a 2000 flee war with the person said to the hill this winter
It's time I went there in Naoyama , but the 3rd game is over.
It has become a disappointing sound result that the capacity of the camera has run out
I dived with 3 save 1 waves, but I did it in a school that flies to
I thought that I wanted to go to bed in v first this time because it was not taken well
Also true that we received very disappointing shock
Hate-let 's go-8 y party Go to the Nido Quin to decorate
Vargina
It has become a child balloon Pikachu and 8 pretty ne 8 fun party and
Hale-Tower Child Party Thunders Showers AP Black T 8 Lee
Fear
Booser and Gracia are out of the party and the Wood Showers are out
It is easy
Eh Company in the dust
3 and losers'd also Sanders and the dust
I wonder if I can put it out
I say, even I put the Well Effie in the provocation South-South will measure both Haruchi of'm feeling say
But I 'm fighting because I don't have blacky
Well there is no role at all It seems that it is good to omit Blacky first and it is a booster
With subtle
If you do
There was
Let's go to nature
3 feet fit foot Maa I will not be there but at first
Oh
How is it
I know that car guards are the best showers
I think the Sanders will feel good going
Pikachu may have been from the beginning
I think I want to live in showers sanders ap from what I do
Oh hurry will wish you play against Regards
Pain Pikachu as Showers that the end will come
It is ok would be Ayii to the first power But I'm not out ap
The first is I Well Tama possession hydro-pump refrigeration of life that spring here who Quinn a san
Beam of zamel kaho a
But it is okay be changed lightning and the lightning-fast Well Apart
Hey Will not it say in the country Yes
Because it is facebook
Is this a poisonous sushi stand?
I think that I can go to the drone if you do it
I against
Sounds good
It is a blue confrontation something is the same color
It is a feeling but it is okay anyway
Keep going
Well Well It is auspicious Well Pikachu would be nice
Even if it is, who should cut 3
It was Mashi After all, it is about after all Well
This Sanders out
Nde helper
I would like to take out a search, but people can work again.
Spread over the sanders
Put out 3 is
Let's go on March
I think it will give because it is a durable adjustment
When I go to the car room
8 cat trick Yes you'll ne er
is ok is the ne er button's I have one of the clay I here is
8 electric power awakening power flame will be bet of single ticket and it will be good if it can be sweetened
Well maybe it's a physical attacker
Riding Well electrical ball Well then is unlikely, et al.
Is not sunny also like Toka wall if the wall hard wall
I will not go outside
There is no wall
Do not drop to the Well Pikachu so when the wall is not sunny because there is a 8 change et al Bari
The wall is not clear
Yes Well As you crush the likes of potential obtained by selling to has been tentatively Well Meizapa
I guess I can get in
Early but ad 9
From and say I bought the Uyo
Or that so Wakan Nera Well
Well , you may be surprised here
I will withdraw
So Koba Ruon'a say I would not it if I Come opponent came to received and I think to freeze
Though
You will get outstanding by following your name
goo
When
Rough 9 wins
You'll want this also let's hit this remains Nezu book
Most I think I can not be expected at all it is fired me not it Ataka, which put out this Than
Great move place move
Most of the time it was impossible
I don't take it, I guess it's a tribal value
It is important
Even if it does not shake, the tone which is strong to some extent
Emissions will fall is three Atamajo and also cat feet
What should I do?
That's why
It looks good even I iso Ne'
Tomaa- I will have a selection of the flames of the cat that will save me
Good morning
I partner I I like this washable not a Sanders to if no lasting flint fire
I wonder if it is a breakthrough
8 Well very ne Thank you for battle
I feel like I was able to go around with a good feeling, because the street of the showers was good, to the start
And Do was good to not come Pikachu
I think yes and Pikachu Nanchara uh and the baron is ã‡
Well
Step 4 In alternate reading of ice
Well, because more of this golden design but I think that came out maybe
When
Well I think it was good to put more than run or something That kind of feeling Very very good
Fighting I think the kana not been able ne Well I thought this is a v-Pas unique
It's like going around
I feel like I'm water yes
I think that I want to do more than 2000 people
Yes it Thank you for your viewing competition